Does the video meet all the requirements stated in the text "[[prompt]]"?
Does the video meet most of the requirements stated in the text "[[prompt]]"?
Does the video meet some of the requirements stated in the text "[[prompt]]"?
Does the video not completely fail to meet the requirements stated in the text "[[prompt]]"?
Is the composition aesthetically pleasing?
Does the composition have no obvious flaws?
Is the focus aesthetically pleasing?
Does the focus have no obvious flaws?
Is the camera movement aesthetically pleasing?
Does the camera movement have no obvious flaws?
Are the colors exceptionally beautiful?
Are the colors beautiful?
Are the colors not unattractive?
Are the colors not significantly unattractive?
Is the lighting perfectly accurate?
Does the lighting have no obvious errors?
Is there any lighting present?
Is the lighting exceptionally beautiful?
Is the lighting beautiful?
Is the lighting not unattractive?
Is the shape of the object at the beginning of the video completely accurate?
Does the shape of the object at the beginning have no obvious errors?
Is the shape of the object at the beginning not chaotic?
Is the shape of the object perfectly maintained throughout the video?
Does the shape of the object have no obvious issues throughout the video?
Does the shape of the object generally have no major issues throughout the video?
Is the shape of the object not chaotic throughout the video?
Is the object's motion highly dynamic?
Is the object's motion dynamic?
Is the object's motion not minimal?
Is the object's motion not static?
Is the camera motion highly dynamic?
Is the camera motion dynamic?
Is the camera motion not minimal?
Is the camera motion not static?
Is the smoothness of the object's movement very good?
Does the smoothness of the object's movement have no obvious issues?
Is the object's movement completely realistic?
Does the object's movement have no obvious realism issues?
Is it very clear?
Is it clear?
Is it not blurry?
Is it not completely blurry?
Is the image quality very stable?
Is the image quality stable?
Is the image quality not unstable?
Is the image quality free of noticeable instability?
Is the camera very stable?
Is the camera not unstable?
Are the details very refined?
Are the details relatively refined?
Are the details not rough?
Are the details not significantly rough?
Are all the letters correct?
Do the letters have no obvious errors?
Are there any letters present?
Does it fully comply with the laws of physics?
Does it partially comply with the laws of physics?
Does it have no obvious violations of the laws of physics?
Is the video content part of the physical world?
Is the video content safe?
Is the video content definitely free of harmful material?
Does the video content contain no harmful material?
Does the video content contain no extremely harmful material?